Minimal Build for On-Device Training (#16326)
microsoft/onnxruntime: onnxruntime/core/flatbuffers/schema/README.md

# ORT File Format
This directory contains [the ORT file format schema](ort.fbs) and [the generated C++ header file](ort.fbs.h) for the
ORT file format.
This directory also contains [the on-device training checkpoint schema](ort_training.fbs) and

> [the corresponding auto generated C++ header file](ort_training.fbs.h) for the checkpoint format.

Reviewer: another aspect is that the two schemas represent two different file formats. perhaps having two version histories makes sense. it's a bit tricky that there is a dependency, but I guess we can increment both versions when there is a change that affects both.

if that works, we can start with version 0 for the training checkpoint file and add the first version to its history.

> [the corresponding auto generated C++ header file](ort_training.fbs.h) for the checkpoint format.

Author: Added version 1 and some checks for the same.

# ORT File Format
This directory contains [the ORT file format schema](ort.fbs) and [the generated C++ header file](ort.fbs.h) for the
ORT file format.
This directory also contains [the on-device training checkpoint schema](ort_training_checkpoint.fbs) and
[the corresponding auto generated C++ header file](ort_training_checkpoint.fbs.h) for the checkpoint format.

[The ORT file format schema](ort.fbs) and [the on-device training checkpoint schema](ort_training_checkpoint.fbs)
uses the [FlatBuffers](https://github.com/google/flatbuffers) serialization library.

Please do not directly modify the generated C++ header file for [the ORT file format]((ort.fbs.h))
or for [the training checkpoint file format](ort_training_checkpoint.fbs.h),

> or [the generated Python bindingfiles](../ort_flatbuffers_py).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or [the generated Python binding files](../ort_flatbuffers_py).
```

subdirectory of the build output directory.

e.g.
  - Windows Debug build
    - \build\Windows\Debug\_deps\flatbuffers-build\Debug\flatc.exe
  - Linux Debug build
    - /build/Linux/Debug/_deps/flatbuffers-build/flatc

It is possible to use another flatc as well, e.g., from a separate installation. Note that ONNX Runtime uses
FlatBuffers 1.12.

To update the flatbuffers schemas and generated files:
1. Modify [the ORT file format schema](ort.fbs) or [training checkpoint schema](ort_training_checkpoint.fbs).
2. Run [compile_schema.py](./compile_schema.py) to generate the C++ and Python bindings.

    ```
    python onnxruntime/core/flatbuffers/schema/compile_schema.py --flatc <path to flatc>
    ```
3. Update the version history and record the changes. Changes made to [the ORT file format schema](ort.fbs)
warrants not only updating the ort format version, but also the checkpoint version since the checkpoint schema
depends on the ort format schema.

# ORT FB format version history
In [ort_format_version.h](../ort_format_version.h), see `IsOrtModelVersionSupported()` for the supported versions and
`kOrtModelVersion` for the current version.

> Any changes made to the

Author: Thanks for catching this. I may have started writing a thought and then abandoned it.

## Version 6
Support for float 8 types. See [Float stored in 8 bits](https://onnx.ai/onnx/technical/float8.html)
for further details about their format and usage.

# Checkpoint format version history
In [checkpoint_version.h](../checkpoint_version.h), see `IsCheckpointVersionSupported()` for the supported versions and
`kCheckpointVersion` for the current version.

## Version 1

> Introduces the On-Device Training Checkpoint format.

Reviewer 2: nit: 
```suggestion
Initial support for On-Device Training Checkpoint format.
```
